* Virtual machines within kubernetes
  This research has been picked up multiple times within SUE, so there is
  something to build upon. Companies hmight have legacy applications that
  cannot easily be containerized. This might prevent customors from making the
  move to kubernetes, so in an ideal world it would be possible to manage some
  virtualmachines within your kubernetes setup. Most previous research has
  looked into kubevirt, however this prefereably be run on a bare metal node,
  to prevent virtualization nesting.

  The task of this research is to be able to seamlesly use EC2 instances, or
  other cloud based virtual machines, within a kubernetes environment.



* Terraform state update for re-architecting of Terraform code
  This research explores the process of updating Terraform state files when
  re-architecting Terraform code. It involves importing existing resources into
  the state, refactoring code to match the new desired infrastructure state,
  and planning and executing state migrations. The goal is to ensure a smooth
  transition to the new architecture while minimising confilicts and
  maintaining the integrity of the infrastructure.

* Automated configuration drift
  The adoption of IaC can help significantly reduce the administrative overhead
  for IT departments. Managing multiple environments in a multi-cloud setup,
  however, introduces complexity. Without adequatly securing and/or pipelining
  the creation of resources within code. This can lead to (significant)
  security tisks, additional costs, and depending on tooling used breakage of
  existing IaC code or applications.

